{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 1. Which of the following is not OOPS concept in Java?\par
a) Inheritance\par
b) Encapsulation\par
c) Polymorphism\par
d) Compilation\par
\cf1 ANSWER : d) Compilation\cf0\par
\par
2. Which of the following is a type of polymorphism in Java?\par
a) Compile time polymorphism\par
b) Execution time polymorphism\par
c) Multiple polymorphism\par
d) Multilevel polymorphism\par
\cf1 ANSWER : a) Compile time polymorphism\cf0\par
\par
3. When does method overloading is determined?\par
a) At run time\par
b) At compile time\par
c) At coding time\par
d) At execution time\par
\cf1 ANSWER :b) At compile time\cf0\par
\par
4. When Overloading does not occur?\par
a) More than one method with same name but different method signature and different number or type of parameters\par
b) More than one method with same name, same signature but different number of signature\par
c) More than one method with same name, same signature, same number of parameters but different type\par
d) More than one method with same name, same number of parameters and type but different signature\par
\cf1 ANSWER :d) More than one method with same name, same number of parameters and type but different signature\par
\cf0\par
5. Which concept of Java is a way of converting real world objects in terms of class?\par
a) Polymorphism\par
b) Encapsulation\par
c) Abstraction\par
d) Inheritance\par
\cf1 ANSWER :c) Abstraction\par
\cf0\par
6. Which concept of Java is achieved by combining methods and attribute into a class?\par
a) Encapsulation\par
b) Inheritance\par
c) Polymorphism\par
d) Abstraction\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Encapsulation\cf0\par
\par
7. What is it called if an object has its own lifecycle and there is no owner?\par
a) Aggregation\par
b) Composition\par
c) Encapsulation\par
d) Association\par
\cf1 ANSWER :d) Association\cf0\par
\par
8. What is it called where child object gets killed if parent object is killed?\par
a) Aggregation\par
b) Composition\par
c) Encapsulation\par
d) Association\par
\cf1 ANSWER :b) Composition\cf0\par
\par
9. What is it called where object has its own lifecycle and child object cannot belong to another parent object?\par
a) Aggregation\par
b) Composition\par
c) Encapsulation\par
d) Association\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Aggregation\cf0\par
\par
10. Method overriding is combination of inheritance and polymorphism?\par
a) True\par
b) false\cf1\par
ANSWER :a) True\par
\cf0\par
11. What is the stored in the object obj in following lines of Java code?\par
   box obj;\par
a) Memory address of allocated memory of object\par
b) NULL\par
c) Any arbitrary pointer\par
d) Garbage\par
ANSWER :\par
\par
12. Which of these keywords is used to make a class?\par
a) class\par
b) struct\par
c) int\par
d) none of the mentioned\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) class\cf0\par
\par
13. Which of the following is a valid declaration of an object of class Box?\par
a) Box obj = new Box();\par
b) Box obj = new Box;\par
c) obj = new Box();\par
d) new Box obj;\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Box obj = new Box();\par
\cf0\par
14. Which of these operators is used to allocate memory for an object?\par
a) malloc\par
b) alloc\par
c) new\par
d) give\par
\cf1 ANSWER :c) new\cf0\par
\par
15. Which of these statement is incorrect?\par
a) Every class must contain a main() method\par
b) Applets do not require a main() method at all\par
c) There can be only one main() method in a program\par
d) main() method must be made public\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Every class must contain a main() method\par
\cf0\par
16. What will be the output of the following Java program?\par
\par
    class main_class \par
    \{\par
        public static void main(String args[])\par
        \{\par
            int x = 9;\par
            if (x == 9) \par
            \{ \par
                int x = 8;\par
                System.out.println(x);\par
            \}\par
        \} \par
    \}\par
a) 9\par
b) 8\par
c) Compilation error\par
d) Runtime error\par
\cf1 ANSWER :c) Compilation error\cf0\par
\par
17. Which of the following statements is correct?\par
a) Public method is accessible to all other classes in the hierarchy\par
b) Public method is accessible only to subclasses of its parent class\par
c) Public method can only be called by object of its class\par
d) Public method can be accessed by calling object of the public class\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Public method is accessible to all other classes in the hierarchy\par
\cf0\par
18. What will be the output of the following Java program?\par
\par
    class box \par
    \{\par
        int width;\par
        int height;\par
        int length;\par
    \} \par
    class mainclass \par
    \{\par
        public static void main(String args[]) \par
        \{        \par
             box obj = new box();\par
             obj.width = 10;\par
             obj.height = 2;\par
             obj.length = 10;\par
             int y = obj.width * obj.height * obj.length; \par
             System.out.print(y);\par
        \} \par
    \}\par
a) 12\par
b) 200\par
c) 400\par
d) 100\par
\cf1 ANSWER :b) 200\par
\cf0\par
19. What will be the output of the following Java program?\par
\par
    class box \par
    \{\par
        int width;\par
        int height;\par
        int length;\par
    \} \par
    class mainclass \par
    \{\par
        public static void main(String args[]) \par
        \{        \par
            box obj1 = new box();\par
            box obj2 = new box();\par
            obj1.height = 1;\par
            obj1.length = 2;\par
            obj1.width = 1;\par
            obj2 = obj1;\par
            System.out.println(obj2.height);\par
        \} \par
    \}\par
a) 1\par
b) 2\par
c) Runtime error\par
d) Garbage value\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) 1\cf0\par
\par
20. What will be the output of the following Java program?\par
\par
   class box \par
   \{\par
        int width;\par
        int height;\par
        int length;\par
   \} \par
    class mainclass \par
    \{\par
        public static void main(String args[]) \par
        \{        \par
            box obj = new box();\par
            System.out.println(obj);\par
        \} \par
    \}\par
a) 0\par
b) 1\par
c) Runtime error\par
d) classname@hashcode in hexadecimal form\par
\cf1 ANSWER :d) classname@hashcode in hexadecimal form\par
\cf0\par
21. What is true about private constructor?\par
a) Private constructor ensures only one instance of a class exist at any point of time\par
b) Private constructor ensures multiple instances of a class exist at any point of time\par
c) Private constructor eases the instantiation of a class\par
d) Private constructor allows creating objects in other classes\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Private constructor ensures only one instance of a class exist at any point of time\par
\cf0\par
22. What would be the behaviour if this() and super() used in a method?\par
a) Runtime error\par
b) Throws exception\par
c) compile time error\par
d) Runs successfully\par
\cf1 ANSWER :c) compile time error\cf0\par
\par
23. What is false about constructor?\par
a) Constructors cannot be synchronized in Java\par
b) Java does not provide default copy constructor\par
c) Constructor can have a return type\par
d) \ldblquote this\rdblquote  and \ldblquote super\rdblquote  can be used in a constructor\par
\cf1 ANSWER :c) Constructor can have a return type\cf0\par
\par
24. What is true about Class.getInstance()?\par
a) Class.getInstance calls the constructor\par
b) Class.getInstance is same as new operator\par
c) Class.getInstance needs to have matching constructor\par
d) Class.getInstance creates object if class does not have any constructor\par
\cf1 ANSWER :d) Class.getInstance creates object if class does not have any constructor\par
\cf0\par
25. What is true about constructor?\par
a) It can contain return type\par
b) It can take any number of parameters\par
c) It can have any non access modifiers\par
d) Constructor cannot throw an exception\par
\cf1 ANSWER :b) It can take any number of parameters\par
\cf0\par
26. Abstract class cannot have a constructor.\par
a) True\par
b) False\par
\cf1 ANSWER :b) False\cf0\par
\par
27. What is true about protected constructor?\par
a) Protected constructor can be called directly\par
b) Protected constructor can only be called using super()\par
c) Protected constructor can be used outside package\par
d) protected constructor can be instantiated even if child is in a different package\par
\cf1 ANSWER :b) Protected constructor can only be called using super()\cf0\par
\par
28. What is not the use of \ldblquote this\rdblquote  keyword in Java?\par
a) Passing itself to another method\par
b) Calling another constructor in constructor chaining\par
c) Referring to the instance variable when local variable has the same name\par
d) Passing itself to method of the same class\par
\cf1 ANSWER :d) Passing itself to method of the same class\cf0\par
\par
29. What would be the behaviour if one parameterized constructor is explicitly defined?\par
a) Compilation error\par
b) Compilation succeeds\par
c) Runtime error\par
d) Compilation succeeds but at the time of creating object using default constructor, it throws compilation error\par
\cf1 ANSWER :d) Compilation succeeds but at the time of creating object using default constructor, it throws compilation error\par
\cf0\par
30. What would be behaviour if the constructor has a return type?\par
a) Compilation error\par
b) Runtime error\par
c) Compilation and runs successfully\par
d) Only String return type is allowed\par
\cf1 ANSWER :a) Compilation error\cf0\par
}
 